## Installation
First install gym-pybullet-drones and create the drones environment
```shell
git clone https://github.com/utiasDSL/gym-pybullet-drones.git
cd gym-pybullet-drones/

conda create -n drones python=3.10
conda activate drones

pip3 install --upgrade pip
pip3 install -e .
```

Once gym-pybullet-drones has been installed, install the regular and Bidirectional RRT* algorithms that we wrote ourselves as follows
```shell
cd gym_pybullet_drones/examples/

git clone https://github.com/RicardoRamautar/final_pdm.git
```

The `examples` folder should now contain two subfolders: `RRT_star` and `Bidirectional_RRT`.

The `RRT_star/RRT_star.py` script executes the RRT* path planning algorithm and runs the simulation. Similarly, `Bidirectional_RRT/Bidirectional_RRT.py` runs the bidirectional RRT* algorithm and runs the simulations. 

Both folders `RRT_star` and `Bidirectional_RRT` contain a file called `variables.py`. This file contains some parameters for the RRT algorithms that can be adjusted. However, these values should already be good enough to run the algorithms successfully on the environments that have been set up. Additionally, both files contain two environments. One is a maze and the other one consists of three consecutive walls, each with a hole through which the drone needs to fly. To change the environment, inside `variables.py`, you need to assign the variable `ENVIRONMENT` to either `load_maze` or `load_walls`. 

However, we have also written a script that takes a random maze and random wall configuration. A random wall configuration or maze can be generated by running the `generate_walls.py` and `generate_maze.py`, respectively. Note that both `RRT_star` and `Bidirectional_RRT` contain these scripts, so run the correct one.